He grows a kind of poison that once it occurs
Mortal Mandala Poison
I happen to have medicine
I'll let him help me down first
Stop his toxicity from spreading
I have a legacy
Only then can you see what poison the other party has
What on earth does this bastard have?
This big brother
Since you can tell what poison my uncle had
Then you must have a way to save my uncle
Please save my uncle
Don't worry, I will definitely save him.
Don't equip the surnamed Su
You were lucky last time you could fight poison with poison to save people
You can't cure the mandala poison
Only I can solve it
You say that every time.
When was it not you who got slapped in the face?
That's your luck.
But if I pull the needle
What do you want?
That's not possible.
You are a prince's son
How could it be?
The God of Heaven is really the ancient nine true techniques
Only three people in Huaxia will
Yes, it's true I won't.
Brother Ye, you don't change
I know you want to present yourself to me
But that's a human life.
Let my brother Chen come
If you won't, then hurry up and let me come
I won't, doesn't mean others won't?